Alex Hermoszi is one of the most
successful businessmen of our time. And
he's exited multiple businesses for over
eight figures. And part of the reason he
got there is because of his conversion
rates on his landing pages and websites.
As someone who's built over 400 landing
pages in over 80 niches, I was naturally
curious to see what he had to say when
it comes to building landing pages.
Throughout this video, we'll listen to
what Alex has to say about building
landing pages, and then we'll see how
can we apply that knowledge in order to
make ones that convert. What I want to
give you today is one very, very simple
hack that we've used to consistently
improve our marketing. Neil Patel said
in one of his keynote speeches that he
believes that the future of marketing is
going to exist in CRO, so conversion
rate optimization. And he said that
because, you know, the prices are going
to only consistently go up. Most
platforms are based on an auction, which
means that it's just multiple businesses
competing for the same eyeballs. And so
the people who are better able to
convert those eyeballs are going to be
the ones who are going to be able to out
compete and win. To help you really
grasp the significance of what Alex is
trying to say here, the cost of
virtually every ad platform has
skyrocketed over the last several years.
And as Alex said, the cost just
continues to increase yearover-year.
Meta ad costs have increased 61%
year-over-year. Tik Tok has increased by
a whopping 185%. Google saw CPMs
increase by 75% while search ad cost per
clicks were up by 14%. So when Alex says
that the future of marketing is
conversion rate optimization, I couldn't
agree more and I can't stress how
important it is to understand this. Long
gone are the days where you can just
throw up a landing page on Meta or
Google Ads and just expect it to
generate you leads. This is literally
what I encounter on a daily basis. I'll
get companies come to us all the time
complaining about low conversion rates
on their website or landing pages. And
when I go and take a look, I can
immediately identify the reason why. And
it's because their landing pages or
websites are not fundamentally optimized
for conversions in the first place. So,
they're spending all this money and
they're burning cash and sending money
down the drain. Everyone loves to obsess
over getting traffic, but never
conversions. And as Alex mentioned, the
companies that are able to out compete
and win in the marketplace are the ones
that are able to better convert the same
traffic than their competitors. I always
like to say to people, you have two
different ways of doubling your revenue.
The first way is you can double your
traffic or the second way is you can
double your conversion rate. And I will
take doubling your conversion rate any
day of the week because when you double
your conversion rate and you drive more
traffic to that same landing page, your
revenue and ROI that you generate is
also amplified. And I'm talking from
experience when I say this. We've helped
clients like this literally double their
conversion rate just through conversion
optimization alone. Every week what we
do is we have our marketing meeting and
we do one split test. Just one. And
that's because everyone wants to test a
100 things. But what it does is it
forces us to be very very focused on the
one thing that we think is going to
drive the highest result for us. This is
the biggest thing that I feel holds a
lot of brands back from doing more
conversion optimization and it's that
there's so many different things they
want to test and they just don't know
where to start. As Alex suggests, just
make it simple. Just focus on a couple
things at a time and just focus in
getting in the habit of testing and
becoming consistent in the first place.
One thing to note that's not mentioned
is the frequency of testing. Being able
to do one split test a week will very
much depend on your traffic levels.
Presumably, someone like Alex is
probably generating tens of thousands,
if not hundreds of thousands of visitors
to his website and landing pages every
single month. So, he actually has
sufficient traffic levels to constitute
one AB test per week. But if you have
less than a,000 visitors a week, you
realistically cannot do one test per
week because you won't get statistically
significant results. What we do at our
agency is we use an AB testing
calculator. There's a ton online. I'll
put one in the description, but this
will basically help you determine how
long should you run your AB test and how
many AB tests can you realistically run
based on your traffic and conversion
levels at the time. You also don't have
to do testing via the form of an AB
test. For our lower traffic clients,
like let's say 10 to 20,000 visitors a
month, what we'll often do is we'll make
changes based on objective data that we
collect in Microsoft Clarity and then
measure what happens over time. But it's
not in the traditional form of an AB
test where we're splitting traffic
50/50. But the basic premise that Alex
is saying of staying consistent with
your testing is super important. Thing
is is that when you do this every single
week for 52 weeks in a row and you do
that for 5 years, your process just gets
better and better and better. those
increases in conversion compound. What
Alex is basically saying here is that as
you start running AB test, you'll
quickly start to pick up data on winning
test and losing test. And the beautiful
thing about this is that no matter what
the result is, you can take those data
points and those results and basically
create a snowball effect where your
results really start to compound over
time. For example, for one of our
e-commerce clients, they received a lot
of objections around the price of their
product. It wasn't necessarily that the
product was expensive, but it was just
expensive relative to other competitors
in the market. What we ended up doing
was we moved the price of the product
down on the product page and we put a
bunch of trust building elements above
the price of the product. And so the
first test that we ran netted a 32%
increase in the conversion rate. Then we
thought, how could we double down on
this winning test? And so we added more
trust building elements before the
price. And that single hypothesis netted
us a cumulative 88% increase in the
conversion rate. So it's massive
increases in conversions once you find
one winning idea or one winning
hypothesis. I'll give you the two
biggest things that we look at. The
first thing, this sounds obvious and
simple, but people don't do it, is we
simply split test the headlines on our
landing pages. That's it. The next thing
that we'll split test is going to be the
image that is underneath of the
headline. Because what we've seen from
the vast majority of all of the tests
that we've done is that almost all of
the juice that's going to come, the
biggest jumps in conversion rate happen
above the fold. Testing the above the
fold has historically gotten us the best
ROI as well. And we've seen conversion
increases by upwards of 130% by testing
the above the fold. And we've seen this
across both our B2B clients and our
e-commerce clients as well. The above
the fold is the topmost area of any
page. It's the first thing that people
will see. And there's two things that
you need to understand when it comes to
the above the fold. The first thing is
that the above the fold is the only
section on any page that you can
guarantee with certainty that 100% of
people will see. The second thing is
that statistically 60% of people will
never scroll past the above the fold
section. That is why, as Alex suggests,
the above the fold is the most critical
area to test and it's where most people
should be spending 99% of their efforts
optimizing in the beginning stages. So,
he mentions testing the headline, but
you may be wondering what actually do I
test. The first thing I would ask
yourself is, does your headline clearly
articulate who you are, what you do, and
what's in it for me? And that last part
is the most important. Does your
headline clearly articulate what is that
benefit and core differentiator of your
product and service? How does your
product or service actually benefit me
in my day-to-day life? Does it save me
time? Does it save me money? That needs
to be clearly articulated in 5 seconds
or less. Only when you nail that down,
you can then focus on testing different
headline variations which are going to
basically be different variations of
your value prop or different ways of
saying the end benefit. We've seen
conversion increases at our agency of
upwards of 60 to 80% just by testing the
headline on the above the fold section.
The other thing he talks about is
images. Your image should help to
reinforce your core value prop and it
should also subtly convey and articulate
who you are and what you do. A great
practical example of this is an AB test
that we ran for influence hunter.
They're an influencer marketing agency
and they create a lot of UGC on behalf
of their clients in partnering with
influencers. before we ran an AB test,
their before version just had a boring
image. They didn't really convey
anything about their value prop. But
what we identified was that they had a
lot of content that they produced for
their clients in collaboration with
influencers. So, we took all that
content and we put it into this creative
collage or carousel to reinforce their
value prop of creating social proof at
scale. Just from that image test alone,
we saw a 78% increase in the conversion
rate. Three, CRO improvements. And this
was the largest company we have in the
portfolio. So we got a plus 20% CRO test
improvement which is a monster win. We
got a 50% lift and then we got a 28%
lift. So we had three mega wins. How
valuable is that to the company?
Tremendously valuable because things
that are efficiency improvements
typically are longasting. What's cool
about that is that when you have an
efficiency improvement, it means your
LTV to CAC ratio expands which allows
you to spend more money in advertising,
more money in talent acquisition all the
way around the business. It literally
just makes the business stronger and is
a competitive mode. I love this by Alex.
A lot of people will look at CRO
one-dimensionally and they'll just look
at it from a short-term lens perspective
that, oh, if I increase my conversion
rate, I can then extract more value out
of my marketing. That is literally just
one out of the many benefits when it
comes to testing on your landing page.
As Alex mentioned, CRO is the one lever
that can affect all aspects of your
business. What you have to realize is
that when you're doing CRO, you're
actually collecting data on what tests
win and what tests lose. And you're
quite literally testing what is
resonating with your audience and what
isn't resonating. The biggest thing it
helps with, which is often overlooked,
is the data collection portion. When you
do CRO and you see tests that win or
lose, you're quite literally collecting
data on what resonates with your
audience and what doesn't. The beautiful
thing about that is that that insight
from your winning test is literally
transferable to all other aspects of
your business. You can start injecting
that into your advertising material,
your value proposition, the UX of your
product, coming up with new features or
ideas, it's transferable everywhere. And
on the flip side, if you have data on
test at lost, you can then stray away
from using that in your marketing
efforts. The best example I can give is
influence hunter. We took that same
concept of the carousel image and we
actually applied it to their ads. And we
saw a massive increase in the
click-through rate of their ads. The
value equation has four components, and
I'm not going to go super deep on it,
but I'll just walk you through it real
quick. So, you've got the dream outcome,
which is what's the big thing that
people want. So, in this instance, it'd
be they want to make more money in their
gym. They might want to lose weight.
They might want to have a fix their
relationship. They might want to look
cool in front of their friends. The next
is the perceived likelihood of
achievement or the equal opposite of
that is risk. How likely is it that when
I buy this thing, I get what I want?
Which when he asked the question, well,
how likely is it? This is what he's
teasing out. Alex Heroszy's value
equation is directly correlated with
landing page optimization. When we look
at the first two items here, the first
thing is the dream outcome. What is that
dream end state or dream goal that your
target audience really wants to achieve?
That dream outcome needs to be
immediately articulated in your headline
and your sub headline above the fold. Do
they want to save time? Do they want to
make more money? Do they want to close
more deals? Whatever it is, it needs to
be immediately articulated and we will
go through some examples soon. The next
part is reducing the perceived risk. Do
you have case studies and testimonials
to back up what you're saying? Do you
have a free trial? Or maybe you have no
credit card required if you're a B2B or
SAS company. Or maybe you have a return
policy if you're an e-commerce firm.
Whatever it is, you need to reduce that
perceived risk for your customers. The
next question is time. How long is it
going to take between when I start and
when I get? And the longer that is, the
less valuable the thing is. And then you
have effort and sacrifice, which is how
hard am I going to have to try? What am
I going to have to start doing that I
don't want to do or stop doing that I do
want to do? In a hypothetical example,
you'd want something that would be
immediate, be no effort. It would be
guaranteed, and it would be exactly what
they want, the way they want it. People
will read the copy on your landing page
and be thinking, "How long will it take
me to actually achieve that result?" You
need to quantify the result as much as
possible and really help articulate how
long it's going to take somebody to
achieve that result. The effort and
sacrifice component is communicating
through your copy and your design how
much effort is it going to take somebody
to achieve their dream outcome. We'll go
through some actionable examples very
shortly, so just keep watching. So,
let's say I sell tables. How can we
position our thing separately from other
people? Now, if the dream outcome for
that table is not, okay, I just need to
have something that I could put stuff on
top of. The dream outcome might be when
people walk into my home, they feel
immediately impressed. So, now we're
actually relating this to status because
B2B is actually pretty easy. It's just
this is how much money it is. And then
the rest of your time is trying to make
it easier for them, less risky, and
faster. business to consumer. Sometimes
you need to spend a little bit more time
on translating what this status increase
might mean for them and how meaningful
that is or the reverse how terrible and
painful it's been to lack this status.
Let's start with some examples of the
dream outcome and what Alex is referring
to as status which is effectively
positioning your product or service as
valuable. And so starting with B2B, we
want to think about what is it that my
target audience actually desires. So the
first example here is Inboxy. This is a
client that we worked with and they are
basically an email deliverability and
warm-up tool. On their landing page
here, you can see they have email
deliverability and warm-up tool that is
explaining the who you are, what you do.
The headline needs to clearly articulate
the what is in it for me. The way that I
like to think of it is using the so that
principle. You're warming up your emails
so that you can land more emails in the
inbox so that you can close more deals,
so that you can generate more revenue.
Just using that so that principle
basically helps you get to the deeper
why and the deeper benefit. And that is
what that end goal is ultimately for
your target audience. In the body text
here, it's helping to reinforce that
core value prop. The only inbox warm-up
solution that utilizes a private network
of headless browsers. And this is the
perceived likelihood of achieving that
dream outcome. It says to truly
guarantee you better deliverability. On
the e-commerce side, this is an example
here, AVI, which is a weight loss
product. right at the very top of the
site, lose 30 lbs in 90 days. They're
highlighting both the time aspect in 90
days and they're quantifying it. Lose 30
lbs. That is that dream outcome I care
about, which is losing weight. So, if we
have this big expensive, nice table,
then we say, okay, here's the status.
Now, the risk of this not happening.
This is where we might show trends of
this being a hot thing that many people
understand the value of. So, the risk of
them not getting the status is lowered.
This is an example of a landing page
that we've done for a client scrubby.
Right underneath that CTA button, we
have free trial, fast setup, easy
cancellation, and it integrates with all
these APIs. So, we're completely
de-risking the proposition of their
software product. On the e-commerce
side, we did this for our client, Parcel
Safety, where we added in these badges
underneath the add to cart button. So,
we have free 30-day return, 100% money
back guarantee, one-year warranty, and
free US shipping. All of the uncertainty
that I have around buying the product is
addressed upfront. Again, it's derisking
the whole proposition of buying this
product in the first place. We actually
ran this as an AB test. So, they didn't
even have these badges to begin with.
And we saw a 30% lift in conversions
just from that AB test alone. The time
is like, hey, I can have this at your
house by the end of today. That would be
something like, wow, this could happen
right in time for this dinner party I
have or my boss is coming to my house.
So, now moving over to the time
principle, we want to reduce the time
from what we think something will take
to get to that end result. So for
inboxy, we're actually highlighting this
in their copy. And I see very few
companies actually do this properly,
which is quantifying it and basically
closing that gap and telling people how
quickly can you expect to receive
results. Another great way of doing this
is that you don't only have to do this
in the copy. You can actually do this
when it comes to the design of the
landing page as well. Ryden is a
mortgage lending company that we worked
with and on their landing page, look at
the CTA button here, get funded fast
because that is a big pain point of
their target audience which is getting
fast funding. So again, we're
highlighting the time aspect here and
we're saying get funded fast. Just
subconsciously highlighting the time
aspect and reducing the time gap between
how long is it going to take for me to
achieve my desired result or desired
outcome. On the e-commerce side, it's
pretty easy to do this. You just want to
highlight the shipping policy over here.
You can see underneath the add to card
for prepared hero. They have guaranteed
secure checkout and they also have ships
in 24 hours. And then effort and
sacrifices. Don't worry, we have a white
glove service that will make sure that
we can fit it into your doorways even
though it's this massive thing and we
will assemble it there for you. You just
need to say yes right now and it will be
there by the end of the night and you
can have dinner on it when you have your
guest tomorrow. Now, we've tied them
buying to all of the value components to
getting them to then be willing to spend
$20,000 because it's not about the wood.
It's not about the table. It's about how
much status is worth to them within this
context. So when you're thinking about
reducing the effort and sacrifice, the
best way to do this is through your copy
on your landing page. We did this
landing page for influence center and on
their landing page we have over here we
reach out to thousands of influencers so
that you don't have to. That headline is
super impactful as far as reducing the
perceived effort and sacrifice that is
required to basically work with
influence hunter. There's this common
pain point when we were interviewing
users for influence hunters website and
we were doing user research. People
expressed a lot of frustration around
having to manually reach out to tons of
influencers to basically get their
products in the hands of these
influencers to then post. Hermosy's
advice is definitely strong, but now
that you have his advice in mind and you
understand it on a theoretical level,
you need to actually apply the
information. And it's hard to do that
without a step-by-step guide on setting
up a landing page. Click here to go to
the next video where I show you the four
proven steps that I use to consistently
build million-dollar landing pages over
and over again so that you can take
those and combine them from what Alex
Hermoszy's advice on those are and make
your own killer landing page that will
make you millions. See you in the next
one.